Adding mariner in dapr init docs (#2752)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/cli/dapr-init.md

dapr init --runtime-version 1.4.0
```

> You can also install Dapr with a particular image variant, for example: `mariner`.

Reviewer: can you make Mariner a reference link here to these docs https://docs.dapr.io/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy/#using-mariner-based-images

Reviewer: @shivamkm07 - This change is for the v1.9 release, yes? If so, can you target this docs for v1.9 branch?

Author: Mariner reference added, Thanks!

> You can also install Dapr with a particular image variant, for example: [mariner](https://docs.dapr.io/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy/#using-mariner-based-images).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also install Dapr with a particular image variant, for example: [mariner]({{< ref "kubernetes-deploy.md#using-mariner-based-images" >}}).
```
